Adding the fail_limit option for push and checkout (#104)
HPInc/ml-git: docs/api/README.md

        force (bool, optional): Force checkout command to delete untracked/uncommitted files from the local repository [default: False].
        dataset (bool, optional): If exist a dataset related with the model or labels, this one must be downloaded [default: False].
        labels (bool, optional): If exist labels related with the model, they must be downloaded [default: False].

>         fail_limit (int, optional): Failure limit to abort the command [default: no limit].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        fail_limit (int, optional): Number of failures before aborting the command [default: no limit].
```

>         fail_limit (int, optional): Define a limit of failures that the process can have before it is aborted [default: no limit].

Author: Suggestion applied in 264d505.

            entity_name (str): An ml-git entity name to identify a ML entity.
            retries (int, optional): Number of retries to upload the files to the storage [default: 2].
            clear_on_fail (bool, optional): Remove the files from the storage in case of failure during the push operation [default: False].

>             fail_limit (int, optional): Failure limit to abort the command [default: no limit].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            fail_limit (int, optional): Number of failures before aborting the command [default: no limit].
```
